README.md, before:

[GSConnect][ego] is a complete implementation of [KDE Connect][kdeconnect]
especially for GNOME Shell with Nautilus, [Chrome][chrome] and
[Firefox][firefox] integration. The KDE Connect team has applications for Linux,
BSD, Android, Sailfish, iOS, macOS and Windows.

With GSConnect you can securely connect to mobile devices and other desktops to:

* Share files, links and text
* Send and receive messages
* Sync clipboard content
* Sync contacts
* Sync notifications
* Control media players
* Control system volume
* Execute predefined commands
* And more…

Please see the **[Wiki][wiki]** for more information about
**[Features][features]** and **[Help][help]**.

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andyholmes/gnome-shell-extensions-badge/master/get-it-on-ego.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Get it on GNOME Extensions" height="100" align="middle">][ego] [<img alt="Available in the Chrome Web Store" src="https://storage.googleapis.com/chrome-gcs-uploader.appspot.com/image/WlD8wC6g8khYWPJUsQceQkhXSlv1/UV4C4ybeBTsZt43U4xis.png" align="middle" hspace="12"/>][chrome] [<img src="https://ffp4g1ylyit3jdyti1hqcvtb-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/addons/files/2015/11/get-the-addon.png" alt="Get the Add-On" align="middle">][firefox]

[ego]: https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1319/gsconnect/
[chrome]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gsconnect/jfnifeihccihocjbfcfhicmmgpjicaec
[firefox]: https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gsconnect/
[kdeconnect]: https://userbase.kde.org/KDEConnect
[wiki]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/
[features]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/Features
[help]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/Help

Commit message:

readme: update README with "Project Status"
Update the project README with details about its current status, namely that it
has migrated from a developer-driven model to a community-driven model.

README.md, after:

# GSConnect

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andyholmes/gnome-shell-extensions-badge/master/get-it-on-ego.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Get it on GNOME Extensions" height="100" align="middle">][ego] [<img alt="Available in the Chrome Web Store" src="https://storage.googleapis.com/chrome-gcs-uploader.appspot.com/image/WlD8wC6g8khYWPJUsQceQkhXSlv1/UV4C4ybeBTsZt43U4xis.png" align="middle" hspace="12"/>][chrome] [<img src="https://ffp4g1ylyit3jdyti1hqcvtb-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/addons/files/2015/11/get-the-addon.png" alt="Get the Add-On" align="middle">][firefox]

## Overview

[GSConnect][ego] is a complete implementation of [KDE Connect][kdeconnect]
especially for GNOME Shell with Nautilus, [Chrome][chrome] and
[Firefox][firefox] integration. The KDE Connect team has applications for Linux,
BSD, Android, Sailfish, iOS, macOS and Windows.

With GSConnect you can securely connect to mobile devices and other desktops to:

* Share files, links and text
* Send and receive messages
* Sync clipboard content
* Sync contacts
* Sync notifications
* Control media players
* Control system volume
* Execute predefined commands
* And more…

Please see the **[Wiki][wiki]** for more information about
**[Features][features]** and **[Help][help]**.

## Project Status

GSConnect is now under the GitHub organisation [GSConnect][gsconnect-org].

Please note, this project has migrated from a developer-driven model to a
community-driven model. This means that GSConnect does not have dedicated
developers working on new features or bug fixes. Instead, the project relies on
contributions from its users and distributions that choose to package it.

If you would like to take a more active role in the development and maintenance
of GSConnect, you can start by [triaging new issues][issues],
[fixing confirmed issues][help-wanted] and [reviewing contributions][needs-review].
If you need additional permissions, you may request them from one of the
[current maintainers][people].

[ego]: https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1319/gsconnect/
[chrome]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gsconnect/jfnifeihccihocjbfcfhicmmgpjicaec
[firefox]: https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gsconnect/
[kdeconnect]: https://userbase.kde.org/KDEConnect
[wiki]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/
[features]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/Features
[help]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/Help

[gsconnect-org]: https://github.com/GSConnect
[issues]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/issues
[help-wanted]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22
[needs-review]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22needs+review%22
[people]: https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/people
